I want my boyfriend to flaunt me around.
I want my boyfriend to tell his friends that we have great sex often even if we haven’t done it that much in the past couple weeks.
I want my boyfriend to be humble.
I want my boyfriend to be confident and competitive but not blame the equipment of the game if he is losing. 
I want my boyfriend to be athletic. 
I want my boyfriend to be extra horny after playing sports. 
I want my boyfriend to be cultured. 
I want my boyfriend to know that I don’t date casually. 
I want my boyfriend to be someone I can imagine myself definitely marrying. 
I want my boyfriend to be sensitive. 
"I want my boyfriend to appreciate beauty, art, and quiet. "
I want my boyfriend to not stop when I am cumming. 
"I want my boyfriend to dress well, like manly in jeans and button down shirts but not button downs that are too tight. "
I want my boyfriend to be up to date with pop culture. 
I want my boyfriend to like rap music and not heavy metal. 
I want my boyfriend to like music but not love it. 
I want my boyfriend to be proud of me in public. 
I want my boyfriend to be an avid reader. 
"I want my boyfriend to remind me of my dad, not sexually, but in all the good nurturing, protective ways. "
I want my boyfriend to be friends with my friends. 
I want my boyfriend to be taller than 5’ 11’’ because I don’t want other men  towering over him. 
I want my boyfriend to be older than me.
I want my boyfriend to text me every morning when he wakes up. 
"I want my boyfriend to be strong, as in gym strong with muscles, but not too much."
I want my boyfriend to be able to grow facial hair but not need it to look good or old. 
"I want my boyfriend to have high paying job, undecided about who should earn more because if money = power, then I want power too. "
I want my boyfriend to be motivated to work and go to work and advance in his job. 
I want my boyfriend to say he loves me often and mean it every time.
I want my boyfriend to cuddle with me after sex.
"I want my boyfriend to be kind of aggressive with me during sex, the take charge kind not the hurt me kind. "
"I want my boyfriend to clean his penis before I give him head; if not that, then definitely not have peed within the past hour before my giving him head."
I want my boyfriend to surprise me with gifts… pretty often. 
I want my boyfriend to buy me things. 
I want my boyfriend to save money.
I want my boyfriend to be good looking but not so good looking that he attracts too many women. 
I want my boyfriend to only look at me.
I want my boyfriend to not be scared to look at other girls but only want to look at me.
I want my boyfriend to do sweet random things for me.
"I want my boyfriend to understand Indian culture, know things like a local."
I want my boyfriend to listen to Hindi music with me in the car.
I want my boyfriend to be able to order Indian food on his own.
I want my boyfriend to be able to hold his liquor and be able to drink a lot. 
"I want my boyfriend to be really smart in all ways — school, street, general knowledge. "
I want my boyfriend to support me when I want to make money and if I make more money. 
I want my boyfriend to move with me if I get an opportunity where he is not located. 
I want my boyfriend to hold me when we sleep. 
I want my boyfriend to know the times when I say “I need space” but I actually don’t want space.
I want my boyfriend to love me more than I love him. 
I want my boyfriend to imagine a future with me. 
I want my boyfriend to eat me out when I want him to. 
I want my boyfriend to not get angry when I flirt a little or show my sexuality in harmless ways but step in and push the guy away before he can make a move. 
I want my boyfriend to allow me to do own thing and trust me to never break his trust. 
I want my boyfriend to be easy-going.
I want my boyfriend to get jealous when he senses anyone trying to make a move on me. 
I want my boyfriend to be calm. 
I want my boyfriend to get angry when he needs to and beat up any one that threatens me or him. 
I want my boyfriend to imagine having kids with me. 
I want my boyfriend to be ok when I don’t want to have sex that time. 
I want my boyfriend to respect me when I say no. 
I want my boyfriend to be ok when I cum and he doesn’t. 
I want my boyfriend to be vocal about how much he enjoys it when I give him head. 
I want my boyfriend to test the condoms after we use them. 
I want my boyfriend to buy the condoms. 
I want my boyfriend to be popular in whatever setting we are in. 
I want my boyfriend to be the kind of guy people relax around. 
I want my boyfriend to make me feel special even when many other people are around. 
I want my boyfriend to understand that using a condom is a necessary.
I want my boyfriend to want to have sex with me. 
I want my boyfriend to show me that he is horny for me. 
I want my boyfriend to cry when he is really sad. 
I want my boyfriend to get along with my family and not in the fake way. 
I want my boyfriend to get to know each member of my family individually and I want them to each have a relationship with him. 
I want my boyfriend to be healthy. 
"I want my boyfriend to tell me everything, no exceptions. "
I want my boyfriend to know everything about me.
I want my boyfriend to learn my best ( = turn on) spots quickly.
I want my boyfriend to know I can deep throat and some girls can’t.
I want my boyfriend to prioritize me over things and people. 
"I want my boyfriend to pick my side in situations where it is me against his family, not that this case should happen often."
I want my boyfriend to want our kids to know Hindi. 
I want my boyfriend to pay for meals when we go out. 
I want my boyfriend to let me pay for meals when I want to. 
I want my boyfriend to split the bill in most cases. 
I want my boyfriend to help lose weight when I decide I want to also let me eat a cupcake when I want to. 
"I want my boyfriend to do things with me — if I want to read a book a day, maybe he can try to read the same book so we can talk about it. "
I want my boyfriend to let me go through his texts and emails if I wanted to. 
I want my boyfriend to be so trustworthy that I don’t want to go through his personal correspondence. 
"I want my boyfriend to spend money on me; not like take-me-out-for-a-meal money, I mean like Michael-Kors-watch money."
I want my boyfriend to shower often. 
I want my boyfriend to keep his room neat but kind of messy where his bachelor/bro-y side comes out. 
"I want my boyfriend to help me if I stain my pants during my period, not to be freaked out."
I want my boyfriend to give my sister advice when she is in teen angst mood and doesn’t want to talk to the family. 
I want my boyfriend to fantasize about me if he masturbates. 
"I want my boyfriend to brag about me to his friends and tell them that even after 3 years together, I still go down on him. "
I want my boyfriend to get drunk with me sometimes. 
I want my boyfriend to want to try new sex positions and fantasy scenarios. 
I want my boyfriend to introduce me to his friends without girlfriends so that I seem like I am the lottery. 
I want my boyfriend to understand Hindi so I can talk to him about others in front of their faces.
I want my boyfriend to have a stable family life. 
I want my boyfriend to take care of my friends if they need him. 
"I want my boyfriend to be someone that blends in with my Indian friend group, and not need extra side commentary to explain everything to him. "
I want my boyfriend to know that his money is my money and vice versa. 
I want my boyfriend to represent me and look up to me. 
I want my boyfriend to encourage me when I want to eat ice cream and to encourage me when I want to lose the last five pounds. 
"I want my boyfriend to defend me if his friends are rude to me, isolate them if I ask him to. "
I want my boyfriend to not care if I don’t shave my armpits or legs for a while. 
I want my boyfriend to be worried if I am faking it. 
I want my boyfriend to get touchy with me in public so that we can sometimes show off our relationship. 
I want my boyfriend to love big breasts. 
I want my boyfriend to provide for me and bring home bread. 
I want my boyfriend to be a power couple kind of guy. 
I want my boyfriend to protect me because I don’t know if I can always protect myself. 
I want my boyfriend to consider me his muse. 
I want my boyfriend to be athletic across the board.
I want my boyfriend to sassily put me in line sometimes. 
I want my boyfriend to be healthy and eat healthily. 
I want to be the one to end things if we are going to break up. 
I want my boyfriend to slap my ass when he is thrusting into me.
I want him to be tall - 5 ft 11 and above
I want my boyfriend to cook for me.
I want my boyfriend to look like (be) Ethan Dolan
I want my boyfriend in bed with me
"I want my next boyfriend to look at me like ""damn.... I never wanna lose her."""
I want my next boyfriend to be dark skin 
i want my boyfriend to buy me food and cute animal stickers thanks
I want my boyfriend to be as excited to see me as my puppy gets every time I get home
"I want my boyfriend to play sports, I just wanna get cute and go to games"
"I want my boyfriend to succeed. I really don't understand how girls encourage their boyfriends to party all night & day, skip school, etc."
I want my boyfriend and my dad to be close
" I don't wanna be at work today, I want my boyfriend our dogs and my bed"
"I want my boyfriend to be my best friend, too."
I want my boyfriend eyelashes so bad 
I want my boyfriend and some of his kisses
I want my boyfriend to come home already
I want my next boyfriend to be a perfect gentleman.
I want my boyfriend  stuck up im not with the friendly shit
i want my best friend and boyfriend to do something cute for my birthday
For my birthday I want my boyfriend to plan something unthinkable for me
i want my boyfriend out jail
I want my boyfriend to cuddle me and rub my butt
I want my boyfriend to ask me out on my birthday.
I want my boyfriend to eat my pussy?
" I want my boyfriend to take me to Sephora and say ""get what you want"""
I want my boyfriend to look at me like the way I look at pizza
I want my boyfriend to visit my home land
I want my boyfriend to come over
I want my boyfriend to adore me that's the next level now
i want my boyfriend to call me daddy
I want my boyfriend to surprise me w nasi goreng and milo ice. Thanks
"I want my boyfriend to live in an apartment that's apartment # 512 so I can sing ""El Chico del Apartamento 512"" for the rest of my life"
 I want my boyfriend to cook me a stack of delicious pancakes with a side of fruit and OJ
i want my future boyfriend to tweet about me “my girlfriend bad as fuck”
I want my boyfriend to call me and tell me I'm beautiful
I want my boyfriend so bad man
"I want my next boyfriend to love me more than I love him , so I know it's real"
I want my boyfriend to come hug me until I fall asleep 
I WANT MY BOYFRIEND TO WEAR TIGHT JUICY PANTS AT HOME
I Want My Boyfriend To Be My Personal Photographer
I want my boyfriend to sing Already Taken by Erica Kane to me 
I want my boyfriend to be a photographer so he can just take dope pics of me all the time 
I want my boyfriend to come over so he can throw me out the window into the snow
I want my boyfriend to wake up already damn
 I want my boyfriend to post something about me. 
I want my boyfriend to be my doll so I can dress him up
I want my boyfriend to take me to the Aladdin musical
 I want my own boyfriend so I can go freak on him whenever I need too
I want my boyfriend to be my best friend as well.
"i want my boyfriend to be a stalker, i don't have to worry about him talking to other girls because he's always lurking on me"
I want my boyfriend to make a sweet surprise for me
I want my boyfriend to listen to me cause I got some stuff on my chest.
I want my boyfriend to get comfortable til where he can start buying me panties & bras
i want my boyfriend to look @ me the same way my dog looks @ me
I want my boyfriend to have a beard
I want my boyfriend to come over
"I want my boyfriend to be stuck up, yas baby be mean to these hoes."
I want my boyfriend & more potato chips but both require driving to get to so I'll just sit here and wallow in disappointment
I want my boyfriend’s grandma to make me some cornbread 
I want my boyfriend to trust me enough so that he doesn't have to go through my phone 
I want my boyfriend to play nasty with me in the snow! 
I want my boyfriend to wake up 
I want my boyfriend to spoil the hell outta me.
I want my boyfriend to go to church with me
I want my boyfriend to love all my flaws he sees in me
I want my next boyfriend to be my bestfriend so it'll hurt him to hurt me
I want my next boyfriend to kiss me under a tree with lights on the tree and a lake near by!
I want my mom to bring me a boyfriend as a souvenir from Mexico
I want my boyfriend to show up with a concrete mixer at my door
I want my boyfriend to be obsessed with me. Be amazed by me.
I Want My Boyfriend To Be Everywhere I Am
I want my next boyfriend to look like Keemstar & Nudah's love child 
I want my boyfriend to bring me some food.
 I want my crush to be my boyfriend
I want my boyfriend to call me Jar Jar Binks
"I want my relationship to be emotional, physically, & financially stable with my boyfriend before we do anything drastic"
I want my boyfriend to post cute pictures of me. 
i want my boyfriend to be interested in the things i am and watch the shows i do so i can call them and talk about it tbh
I want my boyfriend to teach me how to snowboard.
I want my boyfriend to take me on a breakfast date
" I want my boyfriend to think I'm pretty."" "
I want my boyfriend to send me fresh cut Friday pics those will be my nudes from him lol.
I want my boyfriend to act like he cares and be sensitive and get jealous over me ... It's not hard
I want my boyfriend to buy me another pandora ring 
I want my boyfriend to not call me fat
I want my boyfriend to dress up in a suit and spank other men in front of me
I want my boyfriend to be romantic and passionate and do spontaneous things...get tired of doing the same boring shit all the time 
Me when I want my boyfriend to play with my hair 
I want my boyfriend to get a tattoo of my name but only because he keeps forgetting it.
I want my boyfriend home so we can build our coffee table then cook dinner and watch OITNB
I don’t want my boyfriend to be too Indian. 
I don't want my boyfriend to ever use the word “retarded” casually. 
I don't want my boyfriend to drink often but I still want him to be bro-y. 
I don't want my boyfriend to crowd me.
I don't want my boyfriend to ever use the word “rape” casually. 
I don't want my boyfriend to talk about himself all the time. 
I don't want my boyfriend to prefer TV over being outside. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be in love with the outdoors. 
I don't want my boyfriend to want to go camping. 
I don't want my boyfriend to skinnier jeans than I do. 
I don't want my boyfriend to wear skinny jeans. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be obsessed with weight loss and muscle gain. 
I don't want my boyfriend to post statuses on social media. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have an Instagram unless he an artist. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be an artist. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to hug me after playing sports and is sweaty, and I definitely don’t want to have sex after he plays sports, unless I am equally as sweaty. "
I don't want my boyfriend to hang out with my friends without me too much. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have too many ex-girlfriends and too many is anything more than 2; 2 is already pushing it. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be the kind of guy that needs to get a table at a night club. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be the socialite type. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be too PDA-y in public. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be the kind of guy who secretly has a fetish for anal. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to watch porn too often, if ever, especially when we are sexually active. "
I don't want my boyfriend to get off on swallowing cum. 
I don't want my boyfriend to cite F.R.I.E.N.D.S. as his favorite TV show. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be the kind of guy that calls the waiter over and puts his hand on the waiter’s shoulder while asking for a favor. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be too into me and not give me space. 
I don't want my boyfriend to drink too much too often but I don’t want him to avoid drinking all together. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to be too obsessed with a hobby, like dancing, and then making a career out of it. "
I don't want my boyfriend to not have hobbies and say he likes to just “chill and play sports” or “likes music”. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to let me win when we play a game, like Scrabble. "
I don't want my boyfriend to be an asshole and put me down if I make a mistake or mess up in a game. 
I don't want my boyfriend to improvise too much when it comes to buying me gifts — I am even willing to provide a list beforehand of things I want. 
I don't want my boyfriend to rely only the list and then not surprise me. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to be Jewish, for obvious reasons. "
I don’t want my boyfriend to bite his nails. 
I don’t want my boyfriend to be fat or have a paunch. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have a tumultuous home or family life. 
I don't want my boyfriend to stay out too late consistently without me. 
I don’t want my boyfriend to smoke. 
I don't want my boyfriend to party too much. 
I don't want my boyfriend to not be social. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to ever be rude to me, either in public or behind closed doors. Ever. "
I don't want my boyfriend to tell me to shut up. 
I don't want my boyfriend to need space from me. 
I don't want my boyfriend to think of me as something he has to put time into. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to give up everything in his bachelor life — if he wants to hang out with only the guys once a week, he should. "
I don't want my boyfriend to stop paying attention to me after it becomes clear that we will end up together. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be Facebook official with me. 
I don't want my boyfriend to post pictures of us together on social often… or at all. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have a celebrity crush. 
I don't want my boyfriend to like having sex in public places. 
I don't want my boyfriend to hit me. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to like Twilight, even secretly. "
I don't want my boyfriend to speak in monosyllables as though he is angsty. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have a psychological problem. 
I don't want my boyfriend to come from a family with medical diseases. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have had a homosexual experience. 
I don't want my boyfriend to have AIDS. 
I don't want my boyfriend to smoke weed more than once a month. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be too dark-skinned. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be Asian. 
I don't want my boyfriend to emotionally blackmail me into having sex. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be a ballet dancer. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be too ugly because then our babies won’t turn out pretty which I think is super sad. 
"I don't want my boyfriend to be too nice, but I want him to be quite nice. "
I don't want my boyfriend to be too consistent. 
I don't want my boyfriend to ever wear white long socks and shorts so there is only a middle section of hairy leg showing through. 
I don't want my boyfriend and I to have sex on the beach because I am really worried about getting sand in my vagine and then a UTI. 
I don't want my boyfriend to masturbate in bed when I am there. 
I don't want my boyfriend to break up with me over text. 
I don't want my boyfriend to be into threesomes. 
I don't like him to show-off
I don't like him to bite his nails
I don't like him to shake his legs (restless leg syndrome)
I don't like him to interrupt people in conversations
I don't like when people touch my boyfriend; they can touch my hair though. 
I don’t like when the snow affects me seeing my boyfriend. 
I don't like it when my boyfriend pays every single time we go out

I don't like how my boyfriend will do things I like to do without me oooorrr right in front of my fave when I clearly can't join. 
I don't like when people talk to my boyfriend.
I don’t care if My boyfriend is shorter than me and doesn't care if I wear heels. Because he knows: height doesn't make the man.
I will think hard about gifts to get him for holidays and I will get him things I think he likes. 
I will call my boyfriend every day to talk to him about his day. 
I will make my boyfriend my point person. 
"I will definitely have sex with him at least once every two weeks even if I am stressed out, so he doesn’t feel neglected. "
"I will keep my boyfriend’s secrets about himself, his family, or his friends. "
I will tell my boyfriend everything I know because he is my best friend. 
I will sacrifice weekends at college to visit him in New York while my friends are all hanging out. 
I will be faithful to my boyfriend. 
"I will make an effort to be friends with his friends, text them random things, show them my boyfriend made a cool choice in a girl. "
I will speak highly of my boyfriend to my friends or his friends so that his reputation is built up. 
I will not make a big deal about it if my boyfriend wants to go drink or hang out with his friends. 
I will not put him down. 
"I will make sure that I am honest to him about how I feel, even it is difficult. "
"I will tell him how I feel immediately so that if we end up breaking up over time, it is not a surprise. "
I will try to look good when we go out. 
I will not take his money. 
I will support myself so that he knows I am not in the relationship for material goods only. 
"I will have sex with him at least once a week even if I am not 100% in the mood, else I will explain to him why not. "
I will be feminine and ask him what kinds of looks he likes so that I can look like that for him. 
I will stroke his ego when he has a bad day at work. 
"I will tell him he feels really big in me, regardless of his actual size. "
I will not tell him to do something unless I really want him to do it.  
I will not ask him to prioritize me over his friends unless I truly feel like they will come between us. 
I will shave my legs for special occasions even if he doesn’t complain. 
"I will go to his family gatherings even if I find them boring, if they are important to him. "
"I will break up with him if I fake it more than 10 times in our relationship, because it is not fair to either of us. "
I will celebrate him. 
I will learn about basketball and try to keep up with details so that we can talk about it. 
I will cook for you 
I will keep the house for you
I will laugh at your jokes
I will take care of you when you fall sick
I will keep your secrets 
I will be loyal to you
I need someone who is motivated and earns money in a legal way. 
I need attention. 
I need kids. 
I need financial stability. 
I need to travel. 
I need to feel like he cannot live without me. 
I need enough money to shop for clothes without worry. 
I need to be the only one. 
I need him to have a good reputation. 
I need to have a nice living situation. 
I need him to not have a criminal record. 
I need to know he can make smart and difficult decisions with long-term consequences in mind. 
I need happiness. 
I need him to protect me. 
"I need him to never raise his hand to me, or put an inkling of an idea that he is capable of such a thing. "
I need a certain level of competition between us. 
I need someone to do things with. 
I need a good healthcare plan. 
I need him to be calm when I accidentally scratch or dent the cat.
I need him to not question my spending 
I need him to be organised with the family finances
I need him to follow through with what he says he will do
"I need him to aspire for a comfortable, upscale lifestyle"
I need him to be friendly with my family
I need him to be knowledgeable about investments 
I need him to be decisive yet flexible
I need my boyfriend to have good hair because you don't want your kids with Seinfeld hairlines.
 I like my boyfriend quite a bit and I love when he drives and holds my hand over the shift stick.
I need my boyfriend to be tall because I like wearing heels and you cannot be shorter than me when I have heels on.
I like when my boyfriend brings me close to him when we are standing and bends down to whisper things in my ear. 
I like when my boyfriend prioritizes me over his parents. 
I like when my boyfriend listens to stories about my childhood which is really an excuse to show off how cute I was. 
"I like when my boyfriend argues with me about which is better, fiction or non-fiction. "
I like when my boyfriend puts on my socks for me while I check my Instagram. 
I like when my boyfriend playfully humps different parts of my body as a reminder that he is always horny for me and I could get it when I wanted. 
I like that my boyfriend buys the condoms because I think I would be too embarrassed too but also I don’t have time to remember to get them. 
I like that my boyfriend is good with directions and I can ask him how much longer it will take to reach our destination and he always knows how many more blocks we have to walk. 
I like that my boyfriend was really popular in his fraternity when he was in school. 
I like that my boyfriend was the president of his fraternity and was in my power. 
I like that my boyfriend is tall and towers over other wimpy men. 
I like that my boyfriend loves going to the gym and loves playing sports. 
"I like that my boyfriend is not scared of talking about the future with me — moving in, marriage, kids, the works. "
I like that my boyfriend doesn’t like to miss work for no reason. 
"I like when my boyfriend picks me up at the Philadelphia airport every time, whether I am flying domestic or international. "
I like that my boyfriend is steady. 
I like when my boyfriend eats me out. 
I like when my boyfriend kisses me on the neck and back after I orgasm. 
"I like that my boyfriend stopped eating beef because I don’t eat it, as a sign of solidarity. "
"I like that my boyfriend is well-read and doesn’t make ignorant comments about the world, especially India. "
I like that my boyfriend would give me his jacket in the cold if I asked him to and he only had on a t-shirt. 
I like that my boyfriend always kisses me in the morning when we are together or texts me the emoji with a kiss face and heart coming out of its lips in the morning if we are not together. 
I like that my boyfriend doesn't get spooked and still calls me pretty when I know my acne is acting up that week. 
"I like that my boyfriend sympathizes with the fact that after I made my Instagram public, I still didn’t get many more followers. "
I like that my boyfriend has read the Koran. 
I like that my boyfriend is super white but likes rap music and can discuss at length the conflict of violence against women on college campuses. 
I like that my boyfriend reads for fun. 
I like that my boyfriend would be down to have sex at any time of the night or day. 
I like that my boyfriend is ready to talk about any topic I want and knows a lot about it. 
I like that my boyfriend lays out presents the night before Christmas and signs it “From Santa Claus and Mrs. Claus.” 
I like that my boyfriend has a vested interest in feminist rights in the workplace after hearing me talk about inequalities. 
I like that my boyfriend opens the door for me and lets me go first. 
"I like that my boyfriend and I had about the same level of sexual experience coming into the relationship, I had a little more. "
I like that my boyfriend tutors my sister for the SAT. 
I like that my boyfriend corresponds with my dad over Facebook messages. 
I like that my boyfriend watches Hindi movies with me. 
I like that my boyfriend has impeccable English and writing skills. 
I like that my boyfriend can grow a beard. 
"I like that my boyfriend has full chest hair, not just the spotty kind, but a legitimate layer of chest hair that isn’t a carpet. "
I like that my boyfriend does not have to be entertained all the time. 
I like that my boyfriend asks me profound questions. 
I like that my boyfriend can’t cook therefore relies on me to make him yummy meals. 
I like that my boyfriend listens to me talk. 
I like that my boyfriend makes possible whatever I want to happen. 
"I like that my boyfriend takes me seriously when I say I am feeling distant, and works to make it better. "
I like that boyfriend cares about his mom a lot. 
I like that my boyfriend has never been scared of commitment.
I like that my boyfriend trusts me. 
I like that my boyfriend does the dishes after I cook. 
I like that my boyfriend’s parents like me a lot. 
"I like that if my boyfriend and I broke up, his parents would miss me a lot and consider it a considerable loss for their son. "
"I like that my boyfriend is from humble beginnings, doesn’t have too much but is still comfortable. "
I like that my boyfriend is privleged. 
I like that my boyfriend is serious when I talk to him about things that make me uncomfortable. 
I like that my boyfriend takes no for an answer right away. 
I like when my boyfriend is bro-y. 
I like when my boyfriend grabs my breasts when I ride him. 
I like when my boyfriend leaves me notes if he goes out or writes in my planner as a joke to remember that he loves me. 
I like that my boyfriend said “I love you” first. 
I like that my boyfriend has gotten a promotion every 6-8 months since he started working. 
I like that my boyfriend knows he is smarter than a lot of other people. 
I like that my boyfriend protects me. 
"I like that my boyfriend is very calm and never gets angry at me, but rather contemplative, sad, hurt, or confused, but never angry. "
I like that my boyfriend takes pictures of me randomly at moments he loves me. 
"I like that my boyfriend was a camp counselor and knows how to get through to annoying, horny 13 year-old boys. "
I like that my boyfriend is gentle. 
I like that my boyfriend comes to all the plays for which I do the marketing materials and don’t even act in. 
I like that my boyfriend has a strong jawline. 
I like that my boyfriend got better at kissing over time. 
I like when my boyfriend kisses my forehead. 
I like that my boyfriend goes really deep when he fingers me. 
I like when my boyfriend sucks my nipples during foreplay. 
I like when my boyfriend drives his car. 
I like that my boyfriend waits for me at the bus stop until my bus leaves when he drops me off. 
I like that my boyfriend is white. 
I like that my boyfriend gets a towel for me right away when he cums on my boobs because they get itchy after. 
I like that I share my achievements with my boyfriend. 
I like that my boyfriend is very stable. 
I like that my boyfriend doesn't have a problem telling me he still loves me or wants me back when I have doubts about our relationship. 
I like that my boyfriend cares about his mom a lot. 
I like that my boyfriend says I am cuter than North West because that means he really loves me since North is amazing. 
I like when he tells a story well (anecdotes)
I like when he is an attentive host
" like when my partner whole-heartedly considers my suggestions for books, music, and things he might like "
"I like that my partner doesn’t use “retarded”, “nigger/nigga”, “pussy” casually "
I like that my partner considers me as his intellectual equal 
"I like that my partner has rationale for his likes/dislikes, but can also dislike something out of gut and intuition "
"I like that my partner can chat online with imperfect capitalisation and punctuation, but spells words correctly, and if not, only does it ironically"
I like that my doesn’t take themselves seriously 
I like that my boyfriend tags me in makeup videos when he sees them because he knows I like to do my makeup.
I like when my boyfriend is happy so I am happy that Carolina is going to super bowl.  
I like when my boyfriend uses science puns as pick up lines on me
I like when my boyfriend calls me darlin' 
I like to have everything all perfect when my boyfriend comes round! 
I like creeping on my boyfriend just to remind myself how lucky I am 
I like when people think I'm not gonna find out what they say to my boyfriend 
I like it when my boyfriend prevents me from seeing my friends bcs he's jealous. So sweet.
I like them a lot better when he cooks Velveeta Skillets for me.
I like to talk to my boyfriend when he plays FIFA because he completely ignores me and I can say complete nonsense. 
I like it when my boyfriend gives me foot massages
I like black chocolate.
I like when my boyfriend picks gifts for me by himself.
When my boyfriend asks me why I like to run so much before my actual workout...BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE SAND PITS HERE!!
"I just love when my boyfriend catches me off guard, I like when it's unexpected sometimes. "
I like how my boyfriend decides to leave me on read & when I don't reply he blows up my shit ?????????
I like when my boyfriend is overprotective of me tbhhhh
I like when my close friends and my boyfriend and I all sit around and play board games and drink a little but that's as close as I get.
I like to lay on the floor in the closet when my boyfriend is in the shower so we can still talk while I'm comfortable at the same time.
I like when my boyfriend shows me off makes me feel like the most special girl in the world
I like when my boyfriend does everything for me 
I like when my boyfriend snuggles with me even when he's black out and drunk
I like when my boyfriend tells me I look cute when I'm mad ..cause I probably do
I like when boys hit on me just because it's an excuse to bring up my boyfriend 
I like when we go to church on Sundays because my boyfriend actually manages to not talk for over an hour.
I like when my boyfriend wears a manbun to work.
I like when my brother & I go places together because people think he's my boyfriend
I like calling my boyfriend when he's sleeping just to hear his voice
"When my boyfriend leave for work, I like to sleep in his spot."
"I like when people compliment me, but the compliments that really matter to me are ones from my boyfriend "
"I like when my boyfriend wakes up and see me in the morning , he just smiles and pull me in for a hug before drifting off again"
I like when my boyfriend puts me in my place! It's a turn on to me.
I like when my boyfriend cooks for me. 
"I like when my boyfriend sleeps on me, like its so comfortable."
i like when me n my boyfriend read together n silence n just enjoy each others company
My boyfriend has full blown conversations when he sleep talks and I like to play along even tho he makes no sense 
I like to send this to my boyfriend when he says something weird because I'm a funny memer like that :^) 
I like when my boyfriend licks my pussy.
"I like to treat him to his favorite food and give him cuddles for days, When my boyfriend has a bad day"
I like when my boyfriend buys @lushcosmetics stuff 
I like to be the one who drives when my boyfriend
I like taking pictures of my boyfriend when he's sleeping. So cute
I like to use ‘we’ when talking about my boyfriend because we're a package deal for the next 500 years
My boyfriend bought wildberry pop tarts for his dorm room bc he knows I like to eat them when I'm low. 
I like when I gossip to my boyfriend about something and he agrees with me
i like how i'm the chill one when it's my boyfriend they're talking about.
I like to dress like I’m homeless when my boyfriend is out. 
I like how my boyfriend pretends to care about grey's anatomy when I talk about it cause he knows I love it lmao
I LIKE IT WHEN MY BOYFRIEND CUDDLES WITH ME
I like that my boyfriend likes when I don't wear makeup. For real it's made me so much more confident about myself.
I like when my boyfriend feels my hairy legs
I like to show off my finger and my ring when nasty hoes snapchat my boyfriend 
I like when my boyfriend mad at me; it turns me on. 
" I like my boyfriend, when I wake up in the middle of the night upset from a nightmare, he can make everything better and he will make me smile again. I'm so lucky to have found such a wonderful person like him "
My boyfriend's face when I dress up for him is priceless. He literally sees me disheveled all the time. I like to surprise him.
I like when my boyfriend has a pimple. Like those big ones that are ready to blow. I like popping them.. 
"I like when my boyfriend is bein cute and all nice and stuff and i'm jus like ""too sweet no no no"" "
"I like to post about my boyfriend, so don't mind me. "
I like to call guys my boyfriend when they are actually 100% not my boyfriend at all
  I like to lie here and snuggle on my boyfriend's pillow when he gets up for work because it smells great. 
"I like when I do something cute and my boyfriend just screeches ""LITTLE HONEY!!!!"""
I like when my boyfriend ignores me 
I like to spoil my boyfriend
I like it when my boyfriend does the chores instead of me for once

I like knowing i get to go home and cuddle with my boyfriend when i get outta work .
"I like that when I tell my boyfriend ""we don't need to pay YQ tax on flights"" he knows what that means"
I like it when my boyfriend snore when I'm laying with me 
I like when my boyfriend flops his black cock on my head when my four eyed friend behind me fingers my butthole 
I like when my boyfriend calls me crazy. That means he knows and won't be surprised when I flip my psycho switch
I like that my in laws invite me even when my boyfriend is not here
"I like when I phone my boyfriend ""cheer is finished, I can't see you. Where are you parked?"" And get ""OH fuck!"" And he hangs up. HE FORGOT!!"
"I like when I tell my boyfriend to ""please hurry"" and he literally starts running."
I like to blow up my boyfriend's phone When I'm bored
"I like when girls complement my boyfriend,"
I like it when my boyfriend reads me a bedtime story 
"I like when someone tells me my boyfriend is lucky, because yes my nonexistent boyfriend is so lucky"
I like when my boyfriend get all motivated && determined
I like cooking dinner and taking naps with my boyfriend... When I'm not working... Which is rare.
"I like to think when I hum the imperial march it summons my boyfriend, but then I think, do I really want to summon him this way?"
I like my boyfriend better when he's wasted
 I like to think about my boyfriend when I’m bored and I and how he treats me like a queen well princess..
I like it when my boyfriend cracks my back..and scratch my back and rub my back
I like when my clothes smell like my boyfriend. It makes my sweatshirts so much more comforting.
I like that My boyfriend said 'when we get a house we'll have to have internet straight away for your blogging.' 
I like to treat my boyfriend; It's not only his job we are a team and sometimes 
I like that my boyfriend says I look better without makeup
I like it when my boyfriend kisses my butt 
I like when My boyfriend gets haircuts cause 
When my feet are cold I like to put them under my boyfriend
I like chocolate more than my boyfriend or any other people.
I like When my boyfriend's mom goes grocery shopping she buys food she knows I like
I like looking at my boyfriend's tweets and thinking about how high he must be when he writes them
I like when my boyfriend is happy ... Makes me happy
 I like when my boyfriend is clingy
"When my boyfriend knows that I'm mad at him , so he sweet talks me knowing that I like it on the low, but I still be mad."
I like it better when my boyfriend be nice to me it's so cute 
I like that little thing that my boyfriend does when he just decides to push me off the bed.
I like to snapchat only my boyfriend because I like to show off the real reason why bitches lurk. on me.
"I like it when my boyfriend fixes my car for me, I don’t need third wave feminism. "
"i like when my boyfriend say corny stuff, it be turnin me on "
I like annoying my boyfriend when I'm bored lol
I like when my boyfriend kisses me and gets my pale af makeup on his nose it looks like he's wearing an A1 highlight
 I like to put my boyfriend’s jacket over my pillow. So I can smell him while I'm falling asleep 
I like it when super mature boys prank call me and say rude things about my boyfriend.
"I like it when my boyfriend spoils me, I never expect a lot of things from my boyfriend but I'm not going to lie."
"I like when people compliment my boyfriend and is two as a couple lol. It's so sweet, he pretty ain't he?"
I like it when my boyfriend comments on my selfie's makes me feel so good
I like to make friends with everyone in the league of legends chat when my boyfriend leaves his computer. 
"I like buying things for my boyfriend , it make me feel good when he really like what I got him"
I like when my boyfriend tells me what hairstyle to get and what color I should I get on my nails.
"I like when my boyfriend tells his friends ""with my baby girl"""
I like using sex toys because my boyfriend needs to sleep now and then. 
I like when my boyfriend is drunk because he agrees to play Minecraft with me 
I love the fact that my boyfriend never has to ask me what I want when it comes to buying me things. He just knows what I like. 
I like sleeping way more when my boyfriend is my pillow
I like when my boyfriend cuddles me like a koala lmao
"I like to bury my face by freddye's armpit or chest or neck lol , he just rests his head on my boobs"
I like when my boyfriend talks about the plans he has for our future 
I like that My boyfriend is a damn sweetie. Makes me feel beautiful even when I like to think otherwise.
I like fucking with my boyfriend
I like my boyfriend driving dangerously because of the adrenaline it gives me
"I like it when my boyfriend text me back, too bad that doesn't happen very often"
I like watching my boyfriend from the window as he walks away to see if he walks differently when I'm not with him.
I like to sleep on his side of the bed when he isn’t home. 
I like to flirt with other lads to get my boyfriends attention— I like it when people chat shit. 
 I like when I look up & catch my boyfriend staring at me...and then he just smiles 
I like to spend time with my boyfriend
I like when my boyfriend slaps me while we fuck uuuugh
"I like how girls flirt w my boyfriend and then continue calling me crazy when I tell them off but hey, I got what u want so"
I like to like certain tweets just to retweet it when my boyfriend act up
"I like my boyfriend, because he's the nice one. So when we go to parties, I can make him do the talking"
I like when my boyfriend calls me to hit on me 
I like doing little stuff like washing my boyfriend's clothes and having everything folded up nicely for when he gets home from work
I like kissing my boyfriend when he's half awake
I like sending booty pics to my boyfriend when he's with his friend just to mess with him
I like it when my boyfriend is dominant but I’ll still act like I could kick his ass. 
 I like hair on other guys but don't like being hairy myself lol I get so mad when my boyfriend shaves his chest haha
"I like when my boyfriend makes me sandwiches, they're like so delicious. Better than subway. Lmao "
 I like it when my boyfriend is my best friend
"I actually enjoy when my boyfriend goes out, I like him to enjoy hisself seeing that he's always at work, he need to have a little fun."
"I like when my boyfriend puts me in my place, not nun of that friendly shit bc I will walk all over you."
I like listening to my boyfriend's favorite band when I miss him most bc I imagine him singing all the words & it makes me happy
I like to kiss my boyfriend lips when he sleep 
i like when my boyfriend takes forever to text me 
I like to call my boyfriend daddy.
i like my boyfriend #14: he doesn't mind when i blast kesha on the way home and sing loudly
I like to look at my boyfriend's twitter when I’m sad of our old conversations and I laugh at his grammatical errors.
I like When my boyfriend ask what kinda rings I like. 
 like when my boyfriend rubs my butt
I like when I style my boyfriend and hood rats try hitting on him hehe
I like when my boyfriend takes pictures of us 
I like when my boyfriend can bring me food.
I like it when my boyfriend notices my new undies.
I like how when I go out with my boyfriend and he see a dog before I do he's always telling me for I see too
I like the fact I can look my boyfriend in the eye when I'm talking to him and I'm not trying to have some sort of Hagrid-esque child.
I like it when my boyfriend sleeps next to me
i like when my boyfriend nuts in me so i can pretend im a snail
I like to look at pictures of me and my boyfriend when I miss him.
I like When my boyfriend's mom texts me saying if I like chicken pozole because shes gonna make me some :-D
i like how when i'm upset my boyfriend starts sending me pics out of his emergency Dog Picture folder
I like when my boyfriend's friends are in a relationship. I wouldn't mind him going out with them like that
I like my boyfriends siblings more than I like my boyfriend
I like it when I can't speak to my boyfriend until Monday
I like when my bffs like my boyfriend because it makes me feel like I made the right choice
I like the fact that people don't mind hanging out with me when my boyfriend is around. We don't make people feel like a 3rd wheel 
"i like it when my boyfriend is clueless about something and he makes that cute ""huh? what?"" face"

"I like when people tell me I'm a chill girlfriend,I don't control my boyfriend, he knows what's right and wrong"
"I like to sleep when my boyfriend is at work, but during the regular day them naps be catching up with me"
"I like when my boyfriend just gives me money, but I love earning my own just as much. Kinda. Sorta. Not really. Lmaoooooo"
I like when my boyfriend shoves his fingers in my mouth when we get lit  :/
I like missing my boyfriend I like when he go away ... I hope he don't read my tweets
I like when my boyfriend shaves me . I hate shaving
I like to send my boyfriend nudes out of the random when he's at work so he knows what he's coming home to
I don't even wanna go to the zoo but I like when he plans stuff for us
I like sending my boyfriend random thoughts about him when he's at work
I like when girls like my boyfriend's stuff because it's just a constant reminder that he chose the prettiest of them all
I like junk food even more when I miss my boyfriend.
 I like to cover his side of the bed with food wrappers in the shape of him when he is not home.
"I like flowers, doors being opened for me, when I'm cold i want my boyfriend to offer me his coat, i like sweet msgs, clingy, etc."
I like when my boyfriend watches my great games in the cod theater with me haha
"I like it when Sam claims me all aggressively. ""you're MY boyfriend."" "
When my boyfriend remembers what I like from Jimmy Johns.
I like to be really annoying when I wake up before my boyfriend. 
i like to send my boyfriend multiple snapchats when I am bored
I like when my boyfriend is able to find me in the hallway (I'm 4'11) and give me a million kisses 
I like the belt my boyfriend borrowed me but it's so annoying when I have to go to the bathroom it' takes so much time to un button it
I like my bed the most when my boyfriend is in it cuddling with me
I like to ask my boyfriend questions knowing which answer I want and then get annoyed when he doesn't tell me the answer I want to hear 
I like when my boyfriend has exams at night because then I can watch Vanderpump Rules.
I like the rain when I can stay at home cuddling with my boyfriend
I like my boyfriend 10x more when he buys me what I want 
I like my boyfriend the best when he's sleeping. He's adorable as shit and not able to make me mad
I like when my boyfriend gives me a blumpkin
"I love when my boyfriend is on break from school -- I, like, actually get to see him and stuff. It's the best!"
I love how I can put my feet near my boyfriend and he knows I want my shoes and socks off.
"I hate when people like try & talk bad about my boyfriend like DAMN OK let me like his ass, you ain't gotta like him, I like him"
i hate when my boyfriend say my government name
i hate when my boyfriend doesn't try something I like 
"I hate when my boyfriend says “I like being alone sometimes its me time"""
I hate how long my boyfriend’s haircuts take.
"I hate when I'm not with my boyfriend honestly, there's like 3 people I like and that's it lol"
I h8 when my boyfriend fuks with me. 
I hate when people only like a picture of my boyfriend & I 
"I hate when my boyfriend pays for me lol, I like being spoiled with love and attention"
I hate when my boyfriend go to sleep it be so hard to wake him up
I hate when people say I'm with my boyfriend too much. He's my best friend too. I'm allowed to hangout with my best friend
I hate when my boyfriend feel like Imma leave him
i hate when my boyfriend stares at me for too long. i start getting all insecure idk
I hate when cashiers give my boyfriend a dirty look when I pay??? I'm allowed to spend my money to make him happy not just vice versa...
"I hate when my boyfriend falls asleep before me, I get so lonely and bored lol"
I hate when my boyfriend bribes me with food. I can't resist the urge to say no
I hate when my boyfriend can't just DITCH HIS FRIENDS BECAUSE IM MORE IMPORTAnt
I hate when my boyfriend wakes me and his 17 other girlfriends up at our sleepover.
I hate when my friends get close to my boyfriend 
I hate when my boyfriend calls me bro! 
I hate when my boyfriend plays his game and lags on me/:
I hate when I'm mad at my boyfriend & something good happens & I want to tell him but I can't cause I'm supposed to be mad 
I hate when my boyfriend clings to me
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't spend the night cause I hate waking up alone & cold
"I Hate When People Tell Me Stuff About My Boyfriend, Tf Let Me Find Out Myself"
I hate it when my boyfriend walks in the middle of charity auction and decides to do a strip tease for charity
I hate when my boyfriend don't tweet cause then I have none to peep on Twitter
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't snap me
But I hate when my boyfriend wakes up and leaves me for work
I hate it when my boyfriend grabs my butt a lot of times when I'm with him but when we're not together I miss him grabbing my butt
I hate when my boyfriend go to sleep first he be snoring loud ash
I hate when my boyfriend is eating me out and I'm trying to move back but he won't let me go 
I hate getting off the phone with my boyfriend when his voice is the only thing that will put me to sleep
"i hate when girls are like ""omg why would u tell ur boyfriend that?"" like wth i tell my boyfriend literally EVERYTHING"
I hate when my Boyfriend doesn't text me back as if I have friends other than him
i hate when people say my boyfriend looks like a ref LIKE OKAY AND HE IS WTF
I hate when people flirt with my boyfriend. he's mine. do not touch him. or talk to him. or even be around him. ignore him. he's mine.
I hate when my boyfriend with his friends
I hate when my boyfriend got something to do that don't involve me or money
ugh i hate when my boyfriend gets high because he always forgets to text back and it pisses me off
"i hate when i post something about/with my boyfriend and girls will be like ""woah so cute” and then go follow him. "
I hate when ppl tell me negative ass shit about my boyfriend like bitch what? R u fucking him? R u with him? Like nah so gtfo 
I hate when my boyfriend comes late and he expects me to wait for him for so long
I hate when other girls talk to my boyfriend like just because he doesn't know we're together doesn't mean you can talk to him fall back
i hate when my boyfriend takes me on surprise dates because i just want to know!
No I hate hate hate hate hate when I’ve spilled my heart to my boyfriend or whatever and they just say “okay”
I hate when people mention that I always post everywhere about my boyfriend idc like sorry I'm annoying you with my happiness
I hate when my boyfriend falls asleep on me
"I hate it when I hear ladies say ""my boyfriend can cheat all he likes buh I shouldn't know about it"" *smh*"
I hate feeling like I'm super annoying when I try to talk to my boyfriend.
I hate it when I have to say goodbye to my boyfriend
I hate no being able to physically be there when my boyfriend doesnt feel well .
I hate myself when I miss my boyfriend I listen to his music on spotify pls
I hate when my boyfriend is ill like I want attention and he's asleep wth
i hate that My boyfriend watches the simpsons every night when he comes in frm wrk. 
My boyfriend hates texting and I hate when he doesn't text me back lol...'oh love is so complex 
I hate it when my boyfriend rejects me and I have to literally beg for sex
I hate when my boyfriend moves my stuff and doesn't tell me where it's at.
I hate when my boyfriend the reason waking me up !
I hate when I'm not tired and my boyfriend goes to sleep
I hate it when my boyfriend has to leave
I hate when my boyfriend play 2k
I hate hate hate when my boyfriend ain't in a good mood. Because I wanna make him happy nd talk to him but I also wanna give him his space
"Damn I hate when my boyfriend upset, cause then I'm upset x3"
i hate when my boyfriend picks me up i'm like fucking put me down you dickhead
 I hate when people post pictures of my boyfriend!!!!
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't think I'm funny. 
I hate when my boyfriend tells me no
I hate when bitches get on my boyfriend snap . I feel like that's overstepping their boundaries 
I hate when my boyfriend work at chilis! Like hate it with a passion!!
"I hate when my boyfriend brings up his ex , nigga for what ?"
I hate when my boyfriend sleeps super late
I hate when my boyfriend wear sweatpants . 
i hate hate hate when people disrespect my boyfriend or take advantage of his kindness. 
"I hate when my boyfriend goes out and wears the clothes that I bought him..boy, you better wear your own raggedy clothes you been had."
I hate when my boyfriend don't give me attention 
"I hate when my boyfriend starts conversations with ""Okay, don't freak out, but..."""
"I hate when my boyfriend starts conversations with ""Okay, don't freak out, but..."""
I hate when my boyfriend puts the subtitles on Netflix. I don't even pay attention to what going on because of those stupid words
I hate coming to school when my boyfriend isn't even here like why did I come
I hate when my boyfriend makes fun of me and says oh you're still a teenager because you're nineTEEN. Lmao bruh just one year younger
i hate how time goes by so fast when im with my boyfriend
I hate when my boyfriend walk away from me without hugging me
I hate when my boyfriend call me crazy 
I hate when my boyfriend calls me buddy
"I hate when people say my boyfriend and I ""look related"" just because we both have blonde hair and blue eyes."
I hate when my boyfriend be using them dark behind emojis lol
 I hate it when my boyfriend chooses his friends over me
I hate when my boyfriend tickle me
I hate that messages from my boyfriend when I was 14 keep appearing on my time hop
i hate when im not w my boyfriend cause i spend more time on social media
I hate when my boyfriend goes to sleep before me
I hate when my boyfriend leaves
i hate when my boyfriend makes food but doesn't offer to make me any
I hate when my boyfriend  just up and disappears
I hate when my boyfriend works
I hate when my boyfriend decides to do his work in school instead of talk to me; I’m more important
I hate when my boyfriend leaves. I mean he only left 30 mins ago and I'm over here already missing his sexy ass
"I hate it when my boyfriend tells me ""chill"" when I'm not even tripping."
I hate when my boyfriend gets mad & everything's outta my control he turns into hulk
I hate only seeing my boyfriend once a week. On Mondays. When I watch The Bachelor.
I hate it when my boyfriend is active on fb and doesn't reply to me
I hate that my family gets jealous when I'm with my boyfriend
I hate when my boyfriend is at practice and I have no one to talk too.
I hate when my boyfriend picks YouTube over me
I hate it when other people call my boyfriend my “partner”
I hate when anyone who isn't my boyfriend tell me what to do and I don't take no for an answer 
"I hate when my boyfriend go to sleep before me, I be so freaking bored"
I hate when my boyfriend has to go home. Sometimes I wish he wasn't such an adult 
"I hate when girls tell me I'm too involved with my boyfriend. Like if you were dating your future hubby, you would be too. So back off."
I hate when my boyfriend be Tryna tell me something isn't that serious to be mad over...
I hate is when my boyfriend says he'll take me out for lunch... But then I end up paying.
I hate my boyfriend when he plays his stupid ass video games.
"i hate when my boyfriend with his stupid ass friends , brothers whatever he call them. I dont trust them with him at all."
I hate when my boyfriend ignores me 
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't feel good..
I hate when my boyfriend is having an attitude.  I be feeling like poking his damn eyes out. 
I hate when my boyfriend's snoring wakes me up 
"i hate when my boyfriend sleep, Im so boredd "
"I hate when my boyfriend smokes, like I'm trying to have a conversation with you and don't know wtf I'm saying"
I hate when my boyfriend works evening/ night shifts. I just miss him. :
"I hate when my boyfriend asks when I'm free. Like, I'm always free for you. Hang out with me. Kiss my face,"
i hate when my boyfriend is too friendly w another girls 
I hate when I'm not with my boyfriend
I hate when it seems that my boyfriend lies to me. I deserve honesty just like everyone else.
I hate how people get so clingy and mushy on twitter. No I'm not gonna check up on you when I'm busy.
I hate when my boyfriend try's to avoid some shit I keep mentioning
I HATE when my boyfriend goes to bed without saying goodnight 
I hate when I want to make out with my boyfriend but he's asleep
 I hate when my boyfriend goes out .. Man I be so worried
I hate when my boyfriend calls me spoiled like he ain't half the reason why.
i hate when i stay up making pasta with my boyfriend until 11pm
I hate that I'm into different shows then my boyfriend he gets so annoyed when I go on Netflix binges lol
i hate when my boyfriend goes to bed and i have nobody to talk to
"I hate when my boyfriend blesses other girls when they sneeze, he can only bless me."
I hate when guys stop my boyfriend and ask a million and 2 questions about his car. 
I hate when I'm trying to take a shower to get a peace of mind and my boyfriend decides to get in too 
I hate it when my boyfriend cock blocks me
I hate when people ask me what my boyfriend thinks of things that I do- bish I don't know we're individuals
I hate when my boyfriend posts unnecessary snapchats...
I hate when people ask how my boyfriend & I met bc the story is so embarrassing 
"i hate when people are like ""my boyfriend better buy me this"" like just be happy you have a boyfriend."
I hate duck season because then my boyfriend goes away for 3 months.
He should be handsome but not manufactured in his image
He shouldn’t have an acute sense of ego and feel like he has to prove himself to everyone
"He should listen to my rants, problems, and insecurities without judging me"
He should have appreciation for the arts and be willing to explore unknown terrain 
He should seem interest in things I want to talk about even if he’s truly not 
He should be able to tell me frivolous things about himself and allow me to do the same
He should not feel ashamed of grooming himself and caring about the way he looks
My boyfriend should ask me to prom
my boyfriend should buy me a puppy for my birthday
Should I be concerned with the abundance of cute pics my boyfriend and best friend have together?
my boyfriend should just not get me an engagement ring tbh. the way I lose things
